Changelog
=========

## vNext

### Features

- Allow React element as `label` for checkboxes and form fields ([PR 17](https://github.com/input-output-hk/react-polymorph/pull/17))

## 0.3.4

### Fixes

- Updated simple theme styled for SimpleSelect ([PR 16](https://github.com/input-output-hk/react-polymorph/pull/16))

### 0.3.3

- Toggle dropdown on label clicks ([PR 15](https://github.com/input-output-hk/react-polymorph/pull/15))

## 0.3.2

### Fixes

- Toggle dropdown on label clicks ([PR 15](https://github.com/input-output-hk/react-polymorph/pull/15))

## 0.3.2

### Features

- Add toggler component ([PR 14](https://github.com/input-output-hk/react-polymorph/pull/14))

## 0.3.1

### Fixes

- Updated simple theme styles
- Prevent CSS-classes inheritance on TextAreaSkin textarea element
- Fixed caret positioning bug on NumericInput component re-render

### Features

- Add checkbox component
- Add switch component

## 0.2.7

### Fixes

- fixed storybook webpack config
- fixed caret position logic in numeric input
- fixed selection stealing bug found in Daedalus

## 0.2.6

### Fixes

- Fixed a bug in `NumericInput` when illegal chars have been entered but the
old valid value was still `null`.

## 0.2.5

### Fixes

- Fixed a bug in NumericInput where caret was reset on every re-render of the component.

### Improvements

- Added `.npmignore` file to remove source and dev files and folders from npm repo.

## 0.2.4

### Fixes

- Fixed broken build step that was missing the new `utils` folder.

## 0.2.3

### Fixes

- Fixed bug with `NumericInput` that passed unknown DOM properties to
the underlying `<input>` component.

### Improvements

- Removed the need to manage `metaProps` that should be omitted when
passing on props to standard DOM elements. You can now use `pickDOMProps`
which filters the props down to the one that are allowed by React.

- Updated readme with better example for the idea of react-polymorph.

## 0.2.2

### Chores

- add new package-lock.json file generated by npm 5

## 0.2.1

### Chores

- Reuse the normal `InputSkin` and `SimpleInput` theme for the `NumericInput` component.

## 0.2.0

### Features

- Allow to render disabled options in select component
- New `NumericInput` component for floating point numbers.

## 0.1.0

Initial release with basic features.
